.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/epic_issue.md, before:

---
name: Epic
about: Create a project epic
title: "[Release name or version]: [Project Name]"
labels: epic
assignees: ''

---

_[General guidance: When drafting a feature project, the goal is to create a reference for project scope and context. Write for our core product team. The issue should not be overly technical, and should be be comprehensible and a useful reference to devs, designers, and QA team, to build a shared source of understanding. Anyone at LE should be able to read this and more or less understand the project. If there is relevant information or context that is for the internal team only, please add that in a notion page and link it, rather than adding directly to these issues.]_

## Overview

_[First, the project and purpose in one sentence, i.e.: Allow coaches and admins to customize quiz questions in Koilbri]_

_[Then, more detail]_
- What is this feature? What problem is it solving?
- Why are we doing this now?
- What feedback, requests, insights and/or concerns are shaping this feature? Include specific comments from partners, clearinghouse, or teammates as relevant.

### Contributors
_[Fill this out as people are assigned]_
- Technical lead: [github handle]
- Individual contributors: [list all github handles]
- Designer: [if a specific designer is leading]
- Other relevant LE team members: [optional, i.e. imps point person]

### Goals
- Who is this feature for?  Outline user stories below, but also mention if there is a specific partner and/or deployment
- How do we know this feature is successful?

#### User Stories or Requirements
_[Break down the main workflows thematically, but still at a high level. How are the goals of the project realized in the UI? If there isn't a UI portion of this project, what are the key outcomes or improvements? There should probably only be a few of these per project]_

### Target Quarter and Due date
- What is the timeline of this project?
    - If there is a specific due date, especially for a contractual deliverable, include it. Otherwise, include an estimated delivery date, and what quarter(s) this will be worked on

### Product Issues
_[Issues should be linked here as they are created. There will probably be 1-2 per User Story]_

Commit message:

Add technical tracking and task issue templates, tweak existing issue templates.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/epic_issue.md, after:

---
name: Feature issue
about: Create an issue for a whole project
title: "[Release name or version]: [Project Name]"

---

_[General guidance: When drafting a feature project, the goal is to create a reference for project scope and context. Write for our core product team. The issue should not be overly technical, and should be be comprehensible and a useful reference to devs, designers, and QA team, to build a shared source of understanding. Anyone at LE should be able to read this and more or less understand the project. If there is relevant information or context that is for the internal team only, please add that in a notion page and link it, rather than adding directly to these issues.]_

## Overview

_[First, the project and purpose in one sentence, i.e.: Allow coaches and admins to customize quiz questions in Koilbri]_

_[Then, more detail]_
- What is this feature? What problem is it solving?
- Why are we doing this now?
- What feedback, requests, insights and/or concerns are shaping this feature? Include specific comments from partners, clearinghouse, or teammates as relevant.

### Contributors
_[Fill this out as people are assigned]_
- Technical lead: [github handle]
- Individual contributors: [list all github handles]
- Designer: [if a specific designer is leading]
- Other relevant LE team members: [optional, i.e. imps point person]

### Goals
- Who is this feature for?  Outline user stories below, but also mention if there is a specific partner and/or deployment
- How do we know this feature is successful?

### User Stories or Requirements
_[Break down the main workflows thematically, but still at a high level. How are the goals of the project realized in the UI? If there isn't a UI portion of this project, what are the key outcomes or improvements? There should probably only be a few of these per project]_

### Target Quarter and Due date
- What is the timeline of this project?
    - If there is a specific due date, especially for a contractual deliverable, include it. Otherwise, include an estimated delivery date, and what quarter(s) this will be worked on

### Product Issues
_[Issues should be linked here as they are created. There will probably be 1-2 per User Story]_
